Here is a preliminary version of the procedure to startup the EMASS
robot. It will need to be iterated on until we are sure it is correct, but
at least it is a starting point.

No one may execute any portion of this, yet.

No one will be able to do it without my permission and Stephan Lammel's
permission. People need to go through me to get Stephan's permission.

Instructions for starting up the EMASS robot.

Drive/Fans:

1. Make sure the drive cabinet fans are on. The  switch is in the inside
   of the cabinet at the top.  There are cabinets on both sides of the
   robot.

2. The drives may be turned on/off at any time.  

   Note: Do not turn on the mammoth on the second shelf from the top, D0
   side, right now - it hangs the system after several mounts.

AMU:

3. Pull out the keyboard.

4. Use key (one key fits everything) to open up locked door below keyboard
   that holds the AMU PC.  This PC runs OS/2.

5. Power on the AMU PC:
	 Wait for boot to complete.
	 There are a zillion windows that pop up on the console screen.

6. Use mousepad to go to main EMASS window to the foreground.

7. Use mousepad to bring up the log display - it's under the EDIT menu at
   the top. (I think it is under the EDIT menu).

8. Wait for log to show ready.

9. Switch Main Power to ON.  Wait for log to show ok.

10. Push plant power ON. Wait for log to show ok.

11. Push control power ON. Wait for log to show ok.

12. Lock the Cabinet door again and put the key where you found it. [Yes
    that's right, I didn't write down where you found the key.]

13. Continue watching the log:
    Almost immediately, the robot will show ready.  There are 2 robots that
    have to report ready.

14. Continue watching the log:
    After 2-3 minutes, the towers will show ready.  There are 3 towers that
    have to report ready.

15. Restore the keyboard to its original position

16. That is it, in principle the robot is ready.  To check it, go to one of
    the authorized RIP nodes (Rip1 and Rip10) and issue the command:
	   dasadmin qversion
