Here is a set of instructions for accessing the robot.  This will need to
be iterated on before it is completely right.  These are from my notes as
Mark Leininger explained the proper procedure to us:

1. A robot access can not be made unless the control and plant power are
   off. Both sides of the robot need to be off (for now).

   a. Please remember that the robot is a shared device and power can not
      be turned off without approval from S. Lammel and J. Bakken and
      M. Leininger.

   b. Please remember you can't perform a robot access until you have LOTO
      Level 2 training by the ES&H Department and until you have been
      trained on the robot access procedure.

2. To perform an orderly shutdown of power:
   a. Make sure all transfers are complete, ie, all tapes are put away.
   b. Push Control Off switch on front panel (should turn green).
   c. Turn Power Switch to Off.

3. Take the red vinyl-coated steel jaws lockout device (stored below the
   keyboard) and put it through the opening in the power switch. You will
   need to push the red button on the switch to expose an opening to put
   the jaw through (the fit is tight).

4. Take the LOTO tag with your name on it and put it on the RED LOTO lock
   (both stored below the keyboard) and then put the lock through one of
   the openings in the lockout jaws device.  Make sure you have the LOTO
   key lock with you (don't forget it like someone we know).

The robot is now locked out and can't be turned on until you return it to
service.

5. You probably want to turn on the Illumination Lights on the front panel
   to see better inside the robot.

6. Use the large key from the "3 key set", stored below the keyboard, and
   use it to unlock the glass access door to get inside the robot.  Make
   sure you take all the keys with you inside the robot. If you don't there
   is a small chance you can get locked inside the robot.

7. Typical accesses for the robot would be to straighten out the arm after
   a power failure, pick up a dropped tape or bar code that has fallen
   off. No one should be servicing the robot or drives.

8. When you go inside the robot - do not step on the black track.

9. In case of some dire failure of procedures and you get trapped in the
   robot, the 1 safe place is by the glass door and last quadtower.  This
   should never happen, but it is good to know where the safe spot is.

To restore the robot to service:

10. Make sure everyone is out of the robot and it is safe to repower.

11. Lock the glass doors again - turn the lock until the deadbolt locks
    into place.

12. Make sure the eject/import doors are shut - they have a tendency to
    open on powerdowns.

13. Remove your LOTO tag and lock and jaws. Put them away where you found
    them.

13. Turn the powerswitch on the front panel back to on.

14. Push Power On and the Control On on the front panel to restore power.

15. The Control Off light/button should go off shortly indicating the robot
    is powering up.  If it doesn't that means you have not set all the
    robot interlocks.

    a. One possible interlock that needs to be reset is the red emergency
       switch on the console. It might need to be pushed in and twisted a
       quarter turn to restore the interlock.

16. You shouldn't leave until you see "Ready" messages for 3 Towers and 2
    Robot Arms on the log display.  You should see the word "ready".


Other notes:

a. The robot arm can be pushed manually close to a home position while you
   are in the robot. This will reduce startup time.

b. The robot arm needs to be straight - the positioning light needs to
   reflect back for the home position to be found.

c. You might have to push the home reset switch button (one on each side)
   if you can't home the arms.  If you don't know where they are, get
   someone to help you.

d. As you are looking at the OS2 monitor, Robot Arm #1 is on your right and
   Robot #2 is on your left.
